updated for clarity (#714)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/arbitrum/arbitrum-faq.mdx

## What do I need to do to use The Graph on L2?

The Graph’s billing system accepts GRT on Arbitrum, and users will need ETH on Arbitrum to pay their gas. While The Graph protocol started on Ethereum Mainnet, all activity, including the billing contracts, is now on Arbitrum One.

Consequently, to pay for queries, you need GRT on Arbitrum. Here are a few different ways to achieve this:

- If you already have GRT on Ethereum, you can bridge it to Arbitrum. You can do this via the GRT bridging option provided in Subgraph Studio or by using one of the following bridges:
  - [The Arbitrum Bridge](https://bridge.arbitrum.io/?l2ChainId=42161)
  - [TransferTo](https://transferto.xyz/swap)
  - [Connext Bridge](https://bridge.connext.network/)
  - [Hop Exchange](https://app.hop.exchange/#/send?token=ETH)
- If you have other assets on Arbitrum, you can swap them for GRT through a swapping protocol like Uniswap.
- Alternatively, you can acquire GRT directly on Arbitrum through a decentralized exchange.

> Once you have GRT on Arbitrum, you can add it to your billing balance.

Reviewer: Should this be a link to the section in the `/billing` page, instead of duplicating the information?

## What do I need to do to use The Graph on L2?

The Graph’s billing system accepts GRT on Arbitrum, and users will need ETH on Arbitrum to pay their gas. While The Graph protocol started on Ethereum Mainnet, all activity, including the billing contracts, is now on Arbitrum One.

> To pay for queries, you must bridge your GRT to Arbitrum. You can do this via the GRT bridging option provided in Subgraph Studio or by using one of the following bridges:
> 
> - [The Arbitrum Bridge](https://bridge.arbitrum.io/?l2ChainId=42161)
> - [TransferTo](https://transferto.xyz/swap)
> - [Connext Bridge](https://bridge.connext.network/)
> - [Hop Exchange](https://app.hop.exchange/#/send?token=ETH)
> 
> Once you bridge GRT, you can add it to your billing balance.
> 
> - If you already have assets on Arbitrum, then acquire GRT via a swapping protocol like Uniswap.
> 
> - If you acquire GRT directly on Arbitrum, then make sure you use a decentralized exchange on Arbitrum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, to pay for queries, you need GRT on Arbitrum. There are a few different ways you can achieve that:

- If you already have GRT on Ethereum, you can bridge it to Arbitrum. You can do this via the GRT bridging option provided in Subgraph Studio or by using one of the following bridges:
  - [The Arbitrum Bridge](https://bridge.arbitrum.io/?l2ChainId=42161)
  - [TransferTo](https://transferto.xyz/swap)
  - [Connext Bridge](https://bridge.connext.network/)
  - [Hop Exchange](https://app.hop.exchange/#/send?token=ETH)
- If you have other assets on Arbitrum, you can swap them for GRT through a swapping protocol like Uniswap.
- Alternatively, you can acquire GRT directly on Arbitrum through a decentralized exchange.

Once you have GRT on Arbitrum, you can add it to your billing balance.
```
